Disable all actions by `actions = false` (#4001)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Catalog/Preferences.md

* `ui.nav.files: False` - hide Files tab
* `ui.nav.packages: False` - hide Packages tab
* `ui.nav.queries: False` - hide Queries tab

> * `ui.actions: False` - hide all buttons to create packages or files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ui.actions: False` - hide all buttons used to create and edit packages and files (make the catalog "read-only")
```
